com/example/sirmaconsult/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/AddtaskFragBinding.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.AddtaskFragBinding
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/StatisticsFragBindingImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.StatisticsFragBindingImpl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.StatisticsFragBindingImpl$OnRefreshListenerImpl
com/example/sirmaconsult/timerlifecycle/TimerToast_LifecycleAdapter.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.timerlifecycle.TimerToast_LifecycleAdapter
com/example/sirmaconsult/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.sirmaconsult.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/sirmaconsult/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.sirmaconsult.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/AddtaskFragBindingImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.AddtaskFragBindingImpl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.AddtaskFragBindingImpl$1
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.AddtaskFragBindingImpl$2
com/example/sirmaconsult/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/StatisticsFragBinding.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.StatisticsFragBinding
com/example/sirmaconsult/data/source/local/TasksDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$10
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$11
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$12
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$13
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$14
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$15
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$16
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$2
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$3
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$4
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$5
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$6
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$7
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$8
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.TasksDao_Impl$9
com/example/sirmaconsult/BR.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.BR
com/example/sirmaconsult/data/source/local/ToDoDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.ToDoDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.data.source.local.ToDoDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TaskdetailFragBindingImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TaskdetailFragBindingImpl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TaskdetailFragBindingImpl$OnRefreshListenerImpl
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TaskItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TaskItemBindingImpl
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TaskItemBinding.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TaskItemBinding
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TasksFragBinding.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TasksFragBinding
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TaskdetailFragBinding.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TaskdetailFragBinding
com/example/sirmaconsult/databinding/TasksFragBindingImpl.java
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TasksFragBindingImpl
 com.example.sirmaconsult.databinding.TasksFragBindingImpl$OnRefreshListenerImpl
